♪ Ay, it’s a holiday ♪
♪ I got hoes on hoes and they
out of control, yeah ♪
♪ Ay, it’s another way ♪
♪ All my niggas on go and I hope
that you know it ♪
♪ I can’t even close my eyes ♪
♪ and I don’t know why, guess I
don’t like surprises ♪
♪ I can’t even stay away ♪
♪ from the game that I play,
they gon’ know us today, yeah ♪
♪ Ay, can I pop shit? ♪
♪ I might bottom on the low, but
I top shit ♪
♪ Switch the genre on you hoes,
do a rock kit♪
♪ I got the biggest damn song
for them charts, bitch ♪
♪ I don’t need ‘em ♪
♪ They wanna know if I’ll be
lastin’ ♪
♪ Bitch, even if I started
flopping it’d be fashion ♪
♪ Poppin' up in movies ain't no
Nas-y bitches ass done He-he, ♪
♪ I’m bad as Michael Jackson
(dun, dun, dun) ♪
♪ Ay, it’s a holiday ♪
♪ I got hoes on hoes and they
out of control, yeah ♪
♪ Ay, it’s another way ♪
♪ All my niggas on go and I hope
that you know it ♪
♪ I can’t even close my eyes ♪
♪ and I don’t know why, guess I
don’t like surprises ♪
♪ I can’t even stay away ♪
♪ from the game that I play,
they gon’ know us today ♪
♪ Man I snuck into the gang,
came in on a horse ♪
♪ I pulled a gimmick, I admit
it, I got no remorse ♪
♪ Nobody tried to lay me in,
nobody open doors ♪
♪ I keep the motherfuckers down,
they didn’t have a choice (dun,
dun, dun) ♪
♪ They tried to next me ♪
♪ Ay, but I’m blessy ♪
♪ Ay, no flex but my checks
givin’ ventis ♪
♪ Ay, and I’m sexy ♪
♪ They wanna sext me ♪
♪ Pop star, but the rappers
still respect me ♪
♪ They wanna know if I’ll be
lastin’ ♪
♪ Bitch, even if I started
flopping it’d be fashion ♪
♪ Poppin' up in movies ain't no
Nas-y bitches ass done He-he, ♪
♪ I’m bad as Michael Jackson
(dun, dun, dun) ♪
♪ Ay, it’s a holiday ♪
♪ I got hoes on hoes and they
out of control, yeah ♪
♪ Ay, it’s another way ♪
♪ All my niggas on go and I hope
that you know it ♪
♪ I can’t even close my eyes ♪
♪ and I don’t know why, guess I
don’t like surprises ♪
♪ I can’t even stay away ♪
♪ from the game that I play,
they gon’ know us today, yeah ♪